: Previously.
on The Way Home.
Abby Goodwin.
We ran into each other.
Next time you just keep walking.
Face how you feel. Alice.
Write your love song.
You're not going to sing here.
You're not going to write.
Wait. I know her.
Alice. what are you doing?
I have been collecting
loads of memorabilia
for our 45th anniversary party
next month.
I love you.
: I want to tell her everything.
I have decided
to close The Herald.
-It's Elliot.
-Why is he being arrested as the Big Fish?
And why are they
calling him Tom Buchanan?
What if I didn't
leave him behind.
what if he let go?
Why did you do it?
Because I thought it was the
best choice at the time.
This isn't the end.
We'll come back together.
You'll have more
time with Tessa.
You're right. I will.
Time to go home.
Okay.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
One...
two. three.
Kat. wait!
I'm sorry.
You have lied
to me my whole life. Coop.
so why should I do
you any more favours?
Capone won't accept failure.
And now he wants double
the shipment at the same price.
so the only way out of this
is through it.
But we both have tickets
to freedom in our hand!
I have Grayson's film.
and you can go home with Kitty
Kat and be with your poor sweet son!
Elliot...
-Where's Kitty?
-She jumped.
I chose to stay.
-You are trapped here now.
-I needed more time.
Well. mine is up.
Circus is leaving town.
Just because you chose to stay.
doesn't mean I can.
What have I done?
Kat must be freaking out.
Maybe I should have
told her everything.
I thought I was here
for a reason. to help my mom.
I thought I knew the way
this ends. but. now?
What do I do?
Where do I stay?
Here. dear Elliot.
Until Kitty comes back.
Just watch what you say around
our dear Temperance Inspector.
We have to keep him in the dark
about Coop's next shipment
whether we like it or not.
So Tessa is
planning another job.
Chicago boys are in a lather
about that bunged-up fiasco on the beach.
Well. you're back.
And you're still here.
Don't pretend
to be disappointed.
I'm getting your new
roommate settled.
You remember him?
From the circus?
Sorry? You get my clothes
and now my house?
-Mr...?
-Tom. Buchanan. wasn't it?
Tom.
A friend of my darling
Kitty Kat.
Tom had a little hiccup
with his travels today.
so he'll be bunking with you
until he can find a way home.
-Huh.
-So. bringing work home with you again?
Oh. uh...
I found out I'm getting
an award for exemplary service.
Swell timing after
missing the shakedown
at The Cove. but still.
boss wants me to put on
the penguin suit and head down
to some ceremony in St. John next month.
Hm.
Well. I should get
some shut eye.
Tom.
Fern.
Sure was nice. though.
Seeing you on this porch
at the end of my day.
I hate to say it.
but Coop is right.
The only way out of this
is through it.
And so. dear Elliot. we must.
You!
You ruined our job
the other night.
Come to find out
what we do to spies. huh?
Come on over. I'll show you!
I'm not a spy.
I'm Coop's Son.
and I know if this job fails.
she's in real trouble.
So. I want to help.
You're the reason
why we're in this mess.
-So scram!
-Give me a chance!
Well. it's going to be
a lot of work.
And it's going to take time.
I have nothing but time.
You okay?
Well. it's the end of an era.
And Elliot isn't here for it.
I'm just walking away when I should be
turning those archives upside down again.
You've done it. honey.
There's nothing.
But how could there not be anything
more about Elliot's arrest back then?
You'll get answers.
You go back.
-The screen test?
-One that I look terrified in.
I just meant that the pond
does work for you eventually. so...
try and have some faith in that.
It's not that easy. Allie.
I've spent a month
jumping in that pond.
only to come right back up
in the same place.
I'm not excusing what
Elliot did.
just put yourself in his shoes.
How can I?
The Elliot that I know.
if he saw a picture of himself.
he would've told me.
But he didn't.
So what does that say about us?
Nothing.
Until you actually talk.
How'd you get out of packing?
Oh. I told them there was
a problem in the barn.
Oh. is that what
you're calling me now?
This is crazy. isn't it?
I should be working.
So how did I get here?
In a hay loft?
Making out with a farmer?
Seriously. this is all
very off brand for me. I...
I feel a bit out of place.
It's funny because
this is the perfect place
for you.
You're perfect.
Here.
Anywhere.
-Is that too much?
-No. no.
It's just...
I've never met a guy
that talks to me the way you do.
Where do you come from. Jacob?
I came from that farmhouse
just over there.
wish I could show you. but...
Yes. but our families
are like oil and water.
so I guess for now. I think
it's easier if it's just us.
Hat's off
to another great dinner. Tom.
You sure are a swell cook.
Just trying to earn my keep.
I don't know how you do it.
making five-star meals after all
those long hours at that farm
you're at.
Where'd you say it was again?
Let's not make tonight
a complete bore by talking about farm work.
We should be celebrating.
You get your big-time award
tomorrow night. Mister Inspector.
And I. for one. think
that calls for a serenade.
Come on. Tom. You know
the key I like.
♪ Tea For Two by Doris Day ♪
♪ Picture me upon your knee ♪
♪ Just tea for two
and two for tea ♪
♪ Just me for you
and you for me alone ♪
♪ We will raise a family ♪
♪ A boy for you a girl for me ♪
♪ Can't you see how
happy life would be? ♪♪
♪ Time After Time ♪
by Cyndi Lauper
♪ Lying in my bed ♪
♪ I hear the clock tick
and think of you ♪
♪ Caught up in circles ♪
♪ Confusion is nothing new ♪
♪ If you're lost you can look
and you will find me ♪
♪ Time after time ♪
♪ If you fall.
I will catch you ♪
♪ I will be waiting ♪
♪ Time after time ♪
♪ Time after time ♪♪
Coop.
What are you doing here?
I haven't heard that song
in a very long time.
The boys have kept me updated
on their progress
since I was away.
I hear you've been
quite helpful.
I thought you were
going to crumble here.
But you haven't. have you?
Maybe there's a part of me
in you after all. eh?
Is that supposed
to be a thank you?
I'm not used to people
doing things for me.
Especially nice things.
Without expecting
something in return.
I am expecting something.
Answers.
The time before I jumped. I...
That feels like a lifetime ago.
I wouldn't even recognize
that girl now.
She was so confused.
So scared.
-Of Dad?
-No.
No.
Vic was good to me.
Kind.
I was scared of me.
Of who I'd become.
Who was that?
Okay. Um...
What about Griffin?
"I jump for love."
Did you really love him?
Why can't you give me
a straight answer?
Because there was nothing
straightforward about it.
right from the start.
Tell me about that. then.
The start.
We landed in 1882.
Griffin and I. to a Port Haven
that was so strange.
yet oddly familiar.
We found our footing.
And when we did. I really
believed I'd made the right choice.
But then. Griffin came back.
I'd fallen really ill.
And all we could think of
was for Griffin to return
to the present and bring
back medicine.
But when he jumped.
he didn't come back.
So I was alone. I was weak.
and I was desperate.
I could only think
of one place to go.
The Landrys took me in.
That's more than 40 years ago.
And you've been here ever since.
But the letter.
the one you sent Dad
saying you were sick.
how did you send it?
I never sent a letter.
But it had your
engagement ring with it.
Why would somebody want us
to think you were dead?
That's enough for now.
I have a lot to do
before tomorrow night.
Hey. that song you were singing.
I used to sing it to you
when I was putting you to sleep.
It was ours.
-Here.
-Oh. thank you.
Look I know The Herald.
it's as big a part
of this town's history as The Point.
But. for what it's worth. I think
you made the right call. closing it.
Thank you. Monica.
I think she's right.
It's great. what you're doing.
Listening to your gut.
it's not always an easy thing to do.
Like. you deferring college?
I don't know.
I just thought that this past month.
even if I wasn't studying music.
I would still be focusing on it.
but I feel kind of frozen
with my writing.
Why? Your songs are so good.
Yeah. but they're not me.
Even Colton said that.
He said I need to
"write from the heart."
The truth is.
I don't even know what that is.
So. maybe Max was right when he said I was
going to stop writing music if I stayed here.
No. trust me.
Max is not right.
Inspiration will hit
when you least expect it.
Yeah.
Hey. everyone.
Check out this blast
from our past.
Wait. that... That can't be.
No. no. that's impossible.
I took Jasper's reel
and I threw it in the trash.
Mom. we're in that reel.
What do we do?
Wait.
Somebody cut us out...
-Uh. Monica.
-Hm?
Where did you get this footage?
Jude.
I think she got it at Evelyn
Goodwin's big estate sale awhile back.
Evelyn had it?
She must've taken it out
of the trash after I left.
Alice. if Evelyn had this reel.
and knew to cut us out of it...
She knows I'm a time traveller.
That was some party last night.
It was a good crowd.
Yeah. a crowd that
included Abby Goodwin.
Oh. she was there?
Didn't notice.
I saw the way that
you two were looking at each other.
What's going on?
Oh.
Actually. Abby and I
have been seeing each other.
I wanted to tell you.
I just didn't want you to worry.
I'm your mother. I'm going to
worry regardless.
I've always wanted this for you. I just
hope you're making the right decision.
given the girl's family.
I am.
It's been incredible. Mom.
And terrifying and beautiful
and... I can't mess this up.
Well. Why don't you invite her
over for dinner.
that way you don't have to
hang out in that dusty old barn?
-You know about that?
-I do now.
I've been up all night
thinking about the film
and Evelyn...
And if she knows the truth.
then I have to see her.
If the pond will even let me.
Well. it hasn't had
the best track record lately.
You could jump. too.
It has to work eventually.
It just has to.
Here's
to friends. Cheers.
Hey!
So...
We started a new project at art
school.
I got paired with
this girl. Rita.
She is so funny.
I'm impressed you've been
so busy. Del.
Most days I feel like a zombie.
Yeah. Tess hasn't really
been sleeping much...
Vic. stop. It's not
that bad. really.
We're here if you need anything.
And I bet our kids are going
to spend a lot of time together.
That's why I put this
pergola up.
right where Delly and I
said our wedding vows.
Now it'll host all
the family dinners to come.
Hey. so. how about a toast?
To the next generation.
I'm going to call it.
Um. I have to pick up Lewis
from his friend's house.
Come on. stay
for one last cheers. - Yeah.
No. I'm all cheers'd out.
Evie...
I just came by to make sure you'd
be at the Stills tonight for the job.
Nothing can go wrong
with this shipment.
Don't worry. I'll be there.
You know. I still
live in our house.
When I go back.
Kat's going to move in.
At least. she was.
I teach at the high school.
Science.
I like it.
Knowing that everything
has a reason.
it can be explained.
I wanted to be a teacher. too.
In a different life.
English.
Books. they were
always my escape.
"Do I dare disturb the universe?
In a minute there is time".
T.S. Eliot. My favourite poet.
"I have measured out my
life in coffee spoons."
I mean. that is the most
brilliant line in any time.
The clock.
The one in the wall.
The still point of now.
Clock. what clock?
Elliot?
Kat!
It's okay.
I was worried.
And I was hurt.
I mean. you hid
so much from me. El!
I know.
I'm sorry.
But with Del's accident
and Jacob home.
I swore I wouldn't bother you unless I
found something important about my mom.
But then I did find something.
I know what happens
will always happen.
I just. I couldn't imagine
how it could happen.
Well. why didn't you just tell
me as soon as you saw the photo?
That picture is my fate. Kat.
not yours.
Whatever choice I make
that leads to that moment.
I didn't want it
to put you in danger.
So. when we were about to jump.
I realized if you went
and I stayed.
-you would be safe.
-You don't have to protect me.
But I want to.
That's all I want to do.
And I want to know my mom.
But now...
I'm still getting
more questions than answers
but I don't want to push
and scare her away again.
I get it. You need answers.
So when we go home.
we will do the research.
Okay? We will find something that will
explain what will happen on New Year's Eve.
Kat. I can't jump.
Tessa's job is tonight.
I've been working with the boys...
You're already bootlegging?
With the guys that
tried to drown me?
For Tessa!
Look. she's in deep with Capone.
I can't just go
and leave her in the lurch.
But she did that to you.
And she is going to let
you take the fall for it.
Maybe my arrest doesn't
mean what we think it does.
And I learned from you that
I can't just sit back and take it.
Those times were different. El.
Why? Because they were
about your family and not mine?
I'm sorry. but I have
a job to do.
And I'm not leaving
until it's done.
Dinner?
With your mom?
Okay...
That's terrifying.
It'll be good.
it'll be just like
marketing wine except
I'm selling me.
which. I can do.
Because I have spearheaded
multi-million dollar
national campaigns.
for crying out loud.
I mean. I can handle one mother.
Right?
I know this is a big step.
But I want to take it.
Because this isn't just
a dinner. it's a declaration.
And how does that make
this better? Seriously?
-A declaration?
-Of us. Of what we have together.
I don't want to hide it.
Plus. I know my family's going
to love you as much as I do.
Wait...
Did you just...?
I did.
Is that bad?
Because I do.
Maybe I shouldn't
say it so fast.
but. Abby. you make me
feel so sure.
Like I'm finally in
the right place
at the right time.
So. yes. I love you.
I love you. too.
No. you did the right thing.
BY telling me Cliff would be out
of town tonight.
But it was different then.
Things have changed.
Oh...
I knew Cliff staying in
that house was a risk.
you're falling for him.
aren't you?
I'm engaged to Grayson.
I just...
I hate lying to him. Coop.
I want to come clean
about everything.
Not until this job is done.
After that. you live
whatever life you want.
Listen. little Fern.
You've always been
like a daughter to me.
I mean. that is why I wanted
to pass this down to you.
It's a gift.
Or a bribe.
Can't it be both?
I should go.
I have to make sure Cliff leaves
for St. John on time.
That's my gal.
Kitty.
You were right.
Seems I finally got
that piece of jewelry.
Off you go. Fern.
Kat and I need a moment alone.
Well.
What a relief you came back.
I was always going to.
Because unlike you.
I would never abandon Elliot.
Careful.
There's a lot you
don't understand.
The love between a mother
and her child is quite complex.
You're right.
I don't understand.
Because I'm a mother. too.
And there is no way that
I would ever leave Alice behind.
Alice.
This is wild! I can't believe
that you're here. Alice!
But. before we go any further.
I just want to tell you
that I knew it.
I knew it all along.
That you wouldn't
forget my birthday!
Right! Of course.
I'm just sorry that
I missed all the celebration.
Oh. Uh. there weren't any.
Colton and Del.
we don't really hang out
like that anymore.
But. Lewis is down.
the champagne is chilled.
This is for the better.
that it's just you and me.
That way we can actually talk.
you know?
Yeah. We do have a lot
to talk about. don't we.
Did I tell you that my parents
moved to Switzerland?
Ha! Can you believe it?
And they left Lingermore
all to me.
Now I truly am
the mistress of the manor.
Wait. you're all alone?
Let's not talk about that.
We're celebrating! A toast.
To friends who never change.
no matter how much
time has gone by.
Evelyn.
That New Year's. 1980.
When Jasper played that reel...
Oh. when we found out
that the White Witch was real?
-How could I forget.
-You do have that footage. don't you?
I wanted it. but after you left.
I asked Jasper
if I could have it.
and the reel was gone.
It disappeared.
After our parents
divorced last year.
Max came here with my dad
and I stayed in Toronto
to be with my mom.
That is hard. being separated
from family like that.
It was actually great.
I mean. less arguing
and Max did better in school.
I think some families can
benefit from being split apart.
Not your family. of course.
What happened to Jacob
was terrible.
Uh. you know. Goodwin's GoodWine
is about to launch their sparkling wine.
Abby created an incredible
campaign for it.
Very creative.
Well. speaking of.
Jacob has told me
all about your pottery.
Oh.
It's just a hobby these days.
But it sounds wonderful.
I wish I had that kind
of time on my hands.
I just mean. the country life
seems more relaxing overall.
Well. being a city mouse.
no one would expect you to know
what it's like living on a working farm.
Well. I know I didn't.
I was a city mouse myself.
after all.
Until the noise got to me.
I actually find it comforting.
Too much peace and quiet?
That can be boring.
Not that Port Haven is boring.
It is so special here.
It'll be really hard to leave.
Leave? Wait.
are you going somewhere?
Well. yeah.
Dad just asked me here
to launch his first wine
but my life is in Toronto.
You knew that.
Uh. I did not.
Not really.
The clock is ticking. Kitty Kat.
This job is happening
any minute.
The sooner Cliff leaves.
the better.
Hope I'm not
interrupting anything?
Oh. don't be silly. Gray.
Come in.
Just wanted to return this
to its rightful owner.
Oh. my goodness!
You left it at The Herald.
Where is my head?
I think I have a good idea
where it is.
Oh. Inspector Kane
was just leaving.
-Oh.
-For St. John.
To accept an award.
can you believe it?
He's made more money from fines
than any other.
Temperance Inspector
in the province.
Ha! How keen of him.
What hotel are you at?
I'll send up a bottle
of sparkling apple juice
-to your room.
-The Regis. but don't bother.
This award is not
worth celebrating.
Prohibition has been a boon
to this province.
Towns are lining their pockets
with fines while crooks
get rich off bootlegging.
Ah. Seems like no one actually
wants to catch the Big Fish.
No one except me.
It seems to me
if everyone's benefitting.
then what's the harm. eh?
Because if we decide
which laws we want to follow
and which ones we don't. what kind
of world are we going to leave behind?
See. I want to start
a family some day.
Maybe on a farm like this one.
And I want my child to know that
I tried to do the right thing.
even if nobody else
wanted me to.
We have
a spiritual connection. Alice.
Even if you don't have
a phone number.
you can always sense
when I need you.
Uh. dizzy.
Colton used to be like that.
But now that Del's pregnant.
he just keeps on drifting
further and further away.
And I'm just up here.
All alone.
I really have turned into
the Lady of Shalott. haven't I?
I spend most of my time
just staring at this mirror.
waiting for it to crack
from side to side.
I'm only 25 and I've
already lived a full life.
With a child.
a failed marriage. it's...
weird.
But...
you haven't aged at all.
What is your secret. Alice?
Just lucky I guess.
Sure. but. it's kind of
strange not having a phone number.
Who are you. Alice?
In Wonderland.
I think we should
call it a night.
Here.
I'm still the same Alice
that you've always known.
The best friend that's
always here when you need me.
Good night.
How nice of you.
to see Inspector Kane off.
Do you hope he realizes how...
Just how lucky he is?
Cliff is a really good man.
Oh. I'm sure he is.
He's also a liar.
The Regis Hotel closed down
three years ago.
I'll see you in the morning.
Clifford wouldn't lie about
something like that.
Would he?
If he did. why? Where is he?
What if Cliff knew about
this big job the entire time?
And he wanted people to think he was
out of town so he could catch the Big Fish?
If Cliff goes to the Stills.
he'll know the truth.
-About all of it.
-I have to get there and warn Elliot.
What're you thinking about?
How everything happens
at the right time.
And how I should
never doubt that.
After all those moments
where I felt like giving up.
here we are.
It's because...
you pushed us.
And me.
You believed enough
for the both of us.
You knew we'd get here
in the end.
You and me.
we see the best in one another.
Even when we don't see it
in ourselves.
Wait. stop! Please!
You again?
Elliot. listen.
Cliff didn't go to St. John.
We believe he's on his way
here right now.
Ignore her.
This dame's nothing but trouble.
Coop. she's right.
And if Cliff sees
you're the boss. he'll...
He's not going to see because
I'm not going to be here.
I'm just going to take
whatever booze we have now
and I'm going to
get it to the Cove.
No. please. don't!
I'm not having this
mess up again. Fern.
Nobody's going anywhere.
Police. everyone freeze!
Run!
Why. you dirty. lying snitch!
Don't move!
Go. keep running!
That fortune teller.
she's the boss. Inspector.
It ain't Goodwin.
Secure the hooch.
I'm going after her.
Wait. we need to find my mom.
-No! We have to keep moving.
-Kat. I can't leave her behind.
Why not? She left you behind.
No. No. she didn't.
Come on. let's go!
Freeze. All of you.
Kat? You're a part of this?
So. it's really you.
The Big Fish.
-I'm afraid you're under arrest.
-Took you long enough.
No! Wait.
Fern. what're you doing here?
I had to warn Coop.
She's the only family
I have left.
No. tell me you're not
mixed up in this.
I wanted to tell you but...
You saw me the way I have always
wanted to see myself.
and I couldn't do it.
I'm so sorry.
Police!
Inspector Kane?
Run. all of you. now!
You out here?
You heard me. get out of here.
Police!
Morning.
You slept later than usual.
I was up all night
writing a song.
I felt inspired. finally.
I was there. Grandma.
I saw you and Colton
under the pergola.
-You were pregnant.
-Oh. Alice.
-You were both so happy.
-We were.
I mean. when we found
out we were pregnant again.
we were scared but somehow.
we knew it would be different.
Katherine was our miracle baby.
and Jacob was the gift we never expected.
I am so glad that
the pond took you there
to see our wish come true.
Because eventually
that wish led to you.
Hi.
Cliff's here?
-Is everything okay?
-I don't know.
He just went in there.
Fern's trying to talk
to him but...
-Where's Tessa?
-Making arrangements to pay off the right people
so Percy and poor Moe
won't stay behind bars.
She said she'd meet us
at the pond after.
I think she's ready
to finally come home.
Cliff. wait!
You don't have to leave!
I can't stay here.
Yes. you can.
I was just Tessa's messenger.
that's it.
Take it!
It'll prove everything.
I came to this town
to make a difference.
But I felt like a fraud.
Until last night.
I thought I'd finally done
some good.
But I went against
my better judgment.
-for you.
-Don't act like I'm the only villain!
St. John. The Regis?
-You lied to me. too!
-I lied to protect you.
to keep you safe!
You lied to protect
someone else.
and to keep me completely
in the dark.
Kissing you. the way I felt.
that was real.
But I can't stay knowing it
wasn't real for you.
But it was!
It is. Cliff. please!
For the first time
in my sad little life
I am not acting. I swear!
I was confused.
with Coop and the film.
I didn't know
what I wanted. but...
then I watched you
fall in love with this farm.
You went into the empty rooms
in this horrible empty house...
and they all came back to life.
And I did. too.
That's what I want.
Not Grayson...
but you.
I want you. Cliff.
Hey.
Hi.
You've been avoiding me.
I was. which I realize was...
I should've known that you were
going back to Toronto. Abby.
Of course you were. I guess I'm
just old-fashioned when it comes
to this stuff.
Where I come from.
when you commit to someone.
you commit.
Port Haven is that antiquated?
It used to be.
Hey. look at me. we can do this.
We can.
I can come visit.
you can come visit me.
There's phones now.
so we can call each other whenever we want.
We can make long-distance work.
Because I just want
to be with you.
Small towns. they've never
really felt like home to me.
But they're starting
to grow on me.
So. I think it's time
I told my dad the truth.
Ready to do this?
I didn't come
here to jump. Elliot.
I came to say goodbye.
No. Capone's men
will be after you.
it's not safe for you here.
I know how to keep hidden.
I've been doing
it my whole life.
I can't just leave you behind.
And I can't go forward.
This past. this is where
I belong.
The idea of me
returning to the present?
I would have to start all over.
But you'd be
starting over with me.
I'll come back.
I'm here December 31st.
-El. Wait. I don't think...
-You mean New Year's Eve.
Meet me here. then.
Before the big Lingermore party.
I'll be here.
I promise.
Elliot! Oh. honey.
So. Elliot's back in town. huh?
Yes. Katherine really
missed him.
Oh. our children are happy. Sam.
It's all a parent
could ever want.
If Colton only knew...
So why don't you go tell him?
I've been looking for
the right time to do it.
I'm just going to
tell you the truth.
I know about the pond.
Why did you tell your mom
to come back for this. El?
I don't know.
Maybe because she's my mom
and I want to see her again.
Whenever this happens.
I don't want you
anywhere near it. Kat.
Just promise me...
when we inevitably jump
to go to this moment.
you turn around
and you come back home.
Why were you looking through
Fern's columns
-in the first place?
-Oh. I found a pattern.
When I was looking for clues
about my mom.
I noticed Fern started
some of her articles
with a T.S. Eliot quote.
Not all of them.
just some of them.
I figured there was a link.
Like Fern was sending a message
that might lead to my mom.
-"I'm just the messenger."
-What?
Fern said that to Cliff
when she handed him that page.
which I have. I found it. look!
Here.
It was hidden in the piano.
Alice and I couldn't
figure out the random words
but maybe this is something?
"The letter
comes after."
I think this is a cypher key.
It's a type of code that
uses key letters or words.
Oh. my God. the key!
The key is the key!
That's what she meant.
Maybe these are key words...
in Fern's columns and if we...
look at the letter
that comes after each one.
So we need to find
"good" in her last column.
Okay. here it is.
The letter after is "N."
Of...
There it is.
letter after is "Y."
That. "E."
"J." "B."
Now we transcribe the letters.
"NYE job botched."
Tessa used Fern's columns
to communicate with
her bootlegging ring.
This is crazy.
Okay. "Tunnels destroyed".
"five souls in. four out.."
"Tessa gone."
What does that mean?
"Five went in
and four came out."
That's the song. El. from 1926!
About the explosion
in the Catacombs.
You think that explosion
happened on New Year's Eve?
Okay. "Five souls in.
four out. Tessa gone."
Wait. Tessa can't be...
The fifth body.
I think I just invited
my mother to her own death.
Subtitling: Difuze
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm